Add Transforming code with Semgrep autofix video to Autofix documentation (#935)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/autofix.md

  severity: WARNING
```

## Creating autofix rules

> See creation of an autofix rule in Transforming code with Semgrep autofixes video:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See how to create an autofix rule in **Transforming code with Semgrep autofixes** video:
```
I added the bold to make it clear that the noun phrase is a title.

Author: Good idea!
